hey how's it going Dave 2d here and this
is a review of the brand new XPS 13 for
2018 so this thing's been redesigned
it's got a fresh new look and the
original XPS 13 or I should say the
previous generation of XPS 13 that style
has been around since 2015 it's been
around for a while the design has got a
little bit old and they finally refresh
the whole thing so this thing now comes
in a new design it's thinner it's
lighter and it's significantly smaller
than the previous generation I think it
something like 24 percent smaller than
the previous generation which is very
noticeable see on camera or just if you
look at it and pictures and stuff like
that you can't really tell but when you
hold it in person especially we compare
it with the old one right beside it it's
a very noticeable difference in weight
and in size and I think it's a really
nice looking device so one of the best
things about the XPS lineup is that they
don't copy MacBooks they just kind of
make their own thing and it's distinctly
a very XPS looking machine and I think
it looks quite good the big change
though in terms the aesthetics is this
new glass fiber weave and it looks
awesome so the original XPS 13 and 15
had this black carbon fiber material
that looks really good honestly I think
this looks better so the one difference
though is that this material is it
doesn't have that rubber finish that the
XPS 13 and 15 had from last generation
it was almost like a soft touch material
this feels just kind of like a regular I
want to say plastic that's not plastic
but it feels kind of like a smoother and
harder finish which isn't as inviting to
use it's more of a technical material
but it does look really good now this
material does have some kind of stain
resistance to it I tried putting some
pen on it it doesn't stain like you can
just wipe it off pretty easily it's
supposed to look fresh and it does I
think it looks really really good
so they've matched the white interior
with a rose gold metal for the top
surface they call it rose gold but it's
much less pink than a lot of rose gold
materials from other companies and I'm
rocking at d-brane skin on mine because
seriously this looks Superfly marble top
gold trim white interior I mean this is
fresh AF one of the few complaints ahead
about the previous XPS 13 was that the
power supply so this finally uses a USB
C port to charge it I know the old one
could use use PC but it included a
barrel plug as like
AC adapter I like use BC much more for
2018 now the rest of the USB ports are
all USB C as well and they have a micro
SD I like the u species and they include
an adapter for USB a connections but I
don't love the micro SD slot I feel like
it's something that a lot of people will
use but it is there in case you want it
now in terms of the Thunderbolt 3 ports
they support four lanes of PCIe and it's
something that bothered some people with
the previous generation they only
supported two lanes of PCIe for external
GPU connections now you get all four the
webcam on this laptop has been updated
and now supports Windows hello for
secure logins now it's still located at
the bottom so the camera looks up your
nose and the image quality isn't amazing
or anything is kind of your standard
webcam for an ultrabook but it does keep
the bezels really thin one thing I don't
like though is that the white trim like
on the white model that black camera cut
out is a bit of an eyesore so if you
don't use your camera very often or if
you just want a more secure camera thing
you can get some privacy stickers from
dbrand cover it up and it looks a lot
cleaner the bezels on the previous XPS
13 are already really thin these are
even thinner I think it's like 23%
thinner it's just a more immersive
experience when you're using this screen
the screen itself is covered in Gorilla
Glass 4 and I'm running a 1080p panel
and it's bright with decent color
accuracy it does come in a new 4k panel
with a hundred percent srgb if you need
something for color accurate work now
the performance on this thing is good as
you expect because in 8th gen CPU for
multi-core applications these 8th gen
CPUs can fly I tried to run Intel XTU on
this laptop it does throttle it's kind
of expected considering the size and
everything on this laptop but I had big
dreams
so the thermals on this system have been
changed so this is now running a new
thermal management thing called Gore
thermal material and I'm not sure
exactly what it is but it's opposed to
some advanced material that they use in
space programs and stuff it's a good
thermal solution but it's not amazing
like if you're hoping to go full turbo
on all four cores for an extended period
of time
it's not going to happen it will
throttle the good thing is that the fans
are really quiet on idle and on full
load gaming performance isn't amazing
it's running an Intel HD 620 so we're
gonna get some pretty mediocre frame
rates unless you're playing some really
light games the keyboard feels really
similar to the previous generation to me
it's a little bit different visually
like the keys are a little bit larger
and
Leo's changed a bit page up page down
have their own keys but the typing
experience feels really similar to the
old one I think a lot of people will
enjoy using this keyboard the trackpad
is I think it's identical either they
might be using the exact same one it
feels good witness precision glass
surface it's a good trackpad okay let's
take a look at the internals it's a fast
Drive PM nine six one user replaceable
the Wi-Fi card looks to be built on
board but it can run the Intel 1865 so
if you want a good Wi-Fi card I'd go
with that one the battery is 52 watts
it's smaller than before the previous
generation had a 60 watt battery but
remember it's a smaller chassis you kind
of expect it to have a smaller battery
as well but the good thing is though the
battery life is still really really good
I'm getting around 11 hours of battery
life on this thing with the screen of
215 it's alright the speaker's they're
mounted on the side so they're
positioned reasonably well I prefer them
to be kind of on the keyboard facing up
but this is a decent location it does
have new software but I feel like the
actual audio quality and clarity sounds
pretty much exactly the same as a
previous generation which is good but
not great the coil whine so people that
are interested whether or not this thing
has coil line I have one unit it's
reviewing it so the this unit did not
have it but the responsible thing for me
to say is that I can't tell yet I feel
like I would need hundreds of XPS 13 to
be able to tell you whether or not this
thing has an issue or not but this
particular unit did not have it
overall great laptop I think that Dell
did a really good job this year
and honestly there's so little to
dislike about this thing but there's one
thing I want to get off my chest this
was a redesign they had an opportunity
to make something completely brand new
in aesthetics and an appearance and they
went with something that is just it
feels too familiar to the old one so the
old one was a good design but if you
didn't know that this was a new version
and you had the black version
particularly like the black and silver
version of this you wouldn't be able to
tell immediately that was a new version
there was a new updated version of the
XPS 13 because it looks so similar it is
thinner smaller lighter all that stuff
but I mean you could have done something
crazy Dell you could have made something
like completely fresh now I know Dell is
more conservative company they're kind
of like business oriented enterprise
oriented so I get it but me personally I
would love to see something just
completely different vision
but it's a fantastic product if you're
looking for a thin and light laptop this
thing should be near the top of the list
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs be liked it subs you loved it see
you guys next time